Object Tutorial Chapter 5 (#2124)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/programming-with-objects/ch5-child-objects.md

Mutated Objects:
  - ID: 0xb41d157fdeda968c5b5f0d8b87b6ebb84d7d1941
```
Indeed the transasaction succeeded.

Now let's create the `Parent` object as well:
```
$ wallet call --package $PKG --module ObjectOwner --function create_parent --gas-budget 1000
```
```
----- Transaction Effects ----
Created Objects:
  - ID: 0x2f893c18241cfbcd390875f6e1566f4db949392e
```
Now we can make the parent object own the child object:
```
$ export PARENT=0x2f893c18241cfbcd390875f6e1566f4db949392e
$ wallet call --package $PKG --module ObjectOwner --function add_child --args $PARENT $CHILD --gas-budget 1000
```
```
----- Transaction Effects ----
Mutated Objects:
- ID: 0xb41d157fdeda968c5b5f0d8b87b6ebb84d7d1941 , Owner: Object ID: ( 0x2f893c18241cfbcd390875f6e1566f4db949392e )
```
As we can see, the owner of the child object has been changed to the parent object ID.

Now if we try to call `mutate_child` again, we will see an error:
```
$ wallet call --package $PKG --module ObjectOwner  --function mutate_child --args $CHILD --gas-budget 1000
```
```
Object 0xb41d157fdeda968c5b5f0d8b87b6ebb84d7d1941 is owned by object 0x2f893c18241cfbcd390875f6e1566f4db949392e, which is not in the input
```

> To be able to mutate the child object, we must also pass the parent object as argument. Hence we need to call the `mutate_child_with_parent` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to mutate the child object, we must also pass the parent object as argument. Hence we need to call the `mutate_child_with_parent` function with both objects:
```

In this section, we will introduce a few more APIs that will allow us safely move around child objects.

There are two ways to transfer a child object:
1. Transfer it to an account address, thus it will no longer be a child object after the transfer.
2. Transfer it to another object, thus it will still be a child object but the parent object changed.

#### transfer_child_to_address
First of all, let's look at how to transfer a child object to an account address. The [Transfer](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/sui_programmability/framework/sources/Transfer.move) library provides the following API:
```rust
public fun transfer_child_to_address<T: key>(
    child: T,
    child_ref: ChildRef<T>,
    recipient: address,
);
```
`transfer_child_to_address` transfers a currently child object to an account address. This function takes 3 arguments: `child` is the child object we wish to transfer, `child_ref` is the reference to it that was obtained when we previously transferred it to its current parent, and `recipient` is the recipient account address. After the transfer, the `recipient` account address now owns this object.
There are two important things worth mentioning:

> 1. Requiring `child_ref` as an argument ensures that the old parent won't have an out-of-dated reference to the child object, and this reference is properly destroyed by the library during the transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Requiring `child_ref` as an argument ensures that the old parent won't have an out-of-date reference to the child object, and this reference is properly destroyed by the library during the transfer.
```

2. This function has no return value. We no longer need a `ChildRef` because the object is no longer a child object.

To demonstrate how to use this API, let's implement a function that removes a child object from a parent object and transfer it back to the account owner:
```rust
public(script) fun remove_child(parent: &mut Parent, child: Child, ctx: &mut TxContext) {
    let child_ref = Option::extract(&mut parent.child);
    Transfer::transfer_child_to_address(child, child_ref, TxContext::sender(ctx));
}
```

> In the above function, the reference to the child is extracted from the `parent` object, which is then passed together with the `child` object to the `transfer_child_to_address`, with recipient as the sender of the transaction. It is important to note that this function must also take the `child` object as an argument. Move is not able to obtain the child object only from the reference. An object must always be explicitly provided in the transaction to make the transfer work. As we explaiend earlier, the fact that `transfer_child_to_address` requires the child reference as an argument helps guarantees that the `parent` object no longer holds a reference to the child object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above function, the reference to the child is extracted from the `parent` object, which is then passed together with the `child` object to the `transfer_child_to_address`, with recipient as the sender of the transaction. It is important to note that this function must also take the `child` object as an argument. Move is not able to obtain the child object only from the reference. An object must always be explicitly provided in the transaction to make the transfer work. As we explained earlier, the fact that `transfer_child_to_address` requires the child reference as an argument guarantees that the `parent` object no longer holds a reference to the child object.
```

    owner: &mut R,
): ChildRef<T>;
```
After this call, the object `child` will become a child object of the object `owner`.
Comparing to the previous API, there are two primary differences:
1. Instead of transferring the object to an recipient address, here we need to provide a mutable reference to the new parent objecet `owner`. Although we are not mutating the new parent objeect in practice, we require `mut` to make sure the new owner is not an immutable object: immutable objects cannot have child objects.
2. The function returns a new `ChildRef`. This is because we are transferring this object to a new parent, and hence a new reference is created to represent this child relationship, which will be different from the old child reference.

To see how to use this API, let's define a function that could transfer a child object to a new parent:
```rust
public(script) fun transfer_child(parent: &mut Parent, child: Child, new_parent: &mut Parent, _ctx: &mut TxContext) {
    let child_ref = Option::extract(&mut parent.child);
    let new_child_ref = Transfer::transfer_child_to_object(child, child_ref, new_parent);
    Option::fill(&mut new_parent.child, new_child_ref);
}
```

> Similar to `remove_child`, the `child` object msut be passed explicitly by-value in the arguments. First of all we extract the existing child reference, and pass it to `transfer_child_to_object` along with `child`, and a mutable reference to `new_parent`. This call will return a new child reference. We then fill the `new_parent`'s `child` field with this new reference. Since `ChildRef` type is not droppable, `Option::fill` will fail if `new_parent.child` already contains an existing `ChildRef`. This ensures that we never accidentally drops a `ChildRef` without properly transferring the child.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to `remove_child`, the `child` object must be passed explicitly by-value in the arguments. First of all we extract the existing child reference, and pass it to `transfer_child_to_object` along with `child`, and a mutable reference to `new_parent`. This call will return a new child reference. We then fill the `new_parent`'s `child` field with this new reference. Since `ChildRef` type is not droppable, `Option::fill` will fail if `new_parent.child` already contains an existing `ChildRef`. This ensures that we never accidentally drop a `ChildRef` without properly transferring the child.
```

### Delete Child Objects

> For the same reasons that transferring child objects require both the child object and the reference, deleting child objects directly without taking care of the child reference will lead to a stale reference pointing to a non-existing object after the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the same reasons that transferring a child object requires both the child object and the `CildRef`, deleting child objects directly without taking care of the child reference will lead to a stale reference pointing to a non-existing object after the deletion.
```

In order to delete a child object, we must first transfer this child object to an account address, which makes this object a regular account-owned object instead of a child object, and hence can be deleted normally.

What happens if we try to delete a child directly using what we learned in the first chapter, without taking the child reference? Let's find out. We can define a simple `delete_child` method like this:
```rust
public(script) fun delete_child(child: Child, _parent: &mut Parent, _ctx: &mut TxContext) {
    let Child { id } = child;
    ID::delete(id);
}
```

> If you follow the wallet interaction above and then try to call the `delete_child` function here on a child object, you will see the following error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you follow the wallet interaction above and then try to call the `delete_child` function here on a child object, you will see the following runtime error:
```
